---
layout: post
title:  "An intro to blogging"
subtitle: "Dedicated to words that rhyme with blog"
date:   2016-01-27 18:24:59 -0500
author: "Emily C. Ritter"
categories: blog
---
As a test run in my adventures blogging, this first post is dedicated to words that (sort of) rhyme with _blog_.

* __Clog__ _(noun)_: a fashionable and functional style of footwear rocked by yours truly as a child in the 90s
* __Frog__ _(noun)_: short for "horned frog" - the mascot of the purplest university in the great state of Texas
* __Smog__ _(noun)_: some scary air stuff; as in, hide yo kids, hide yo wife, the smog gon' gitcha

Ok, so...
Read on, I promise I have a point.

#### Clog
I'm a 90s baby. Meaning I'm a millennial. It's in my nature to be restless, curious, and eager... among with some other attributes associated with the word _millennial_ that I try not to identify with. But mostly I'm a young adult with enough foolish wisdom to know that the world can be an overwhelming and scary place _and_ enough naivety to believe I can do something about it.

#### Frog
I'm a recent graduate of Texas Christian University in Fort Worth. While I'm thankful for my six years worth of traditional (and outrageously expensive) education, the traditional degrees I earned at TCU haven't gotten me to where I want to be in life - nor could they.

#### Smog
My background is environmental science and sustainability. I worked as an environmental consultant (with an emphasis on air permitting) for the majority of my professional career. However, my job didn't fully align with my interests in supporting renewable energy and agricultural sustainability. While I'm moving away from my profession as a consultant, I don't plan on moving away from my science background. - I'm a self-proclaimed science nerd and wouldn't have it any other way.

#### Conclusions (if you can call it that)
And since I've probably lost all of my audience at this point, I'll move on from my random definitions and obtuse ramblings to a more concrete (yet intentionally still somewhat vague) conclusion:

I'm ready to _create_ something. While I'm adaptable, I'm not adaptable enough to settle for mediocrity. I have enough drive to run ecstatically away from the status quo.

As Michio Kaku discusses in his [Big Think video](http://bigthink.com/videos/will-mankind-destroy-itself), we are at the cusp of the gigantic leap to becoming a truly planetary society centered on multiculturalism, science, and tolerance with _technology_ as a leading driver. We can move forward and create a better, cleaner, and smarter world _OR_ we can recede into the ominous pit of static thinking. And we have a choice.

So today I take a gigantic leap toward an impactful career in technology.

I have the raging desire to invent. And I will.



_(Note: this post was originally written on the day I moved to Houston to attend a 12-week immersive course on back end web development at The Iron Yard)_
